 # Module PR Triage 2016-08-11

## Participants:
* Hunner
* rnelson0
* binford
* bastelfreak
* dev_el_ops
* tphoney
* fraq
* HelenCampbell
* bmjen

## Discussion
* Vox Pupuli governance: 
https://github.com/voxpupuli/plumbing/issues/25 for discussion and https://github.com/voxpupuli/plumbing/issues/45 for the document.
  * What about objections that arrive after the 72 hour window?
  * What is the threshold for merging sooner than the 72 hour waiting period?
  * Can we prevent people from dog-piling on a ticket or PR to get it merged? Do we need to?
  * Do we have contributor removal? Do we need it?
  * Do we have pre-existing ideas about who will fill the PMC?
  * What to do with objections in lazy consensus? (rnelson0 to comment)
  * rnelson0 suggested that handling PRs should be a section, since it's hinted at in two sections but never explicitly defined.
  * what is quorum for PMC elections?
  * Who will run the initial condorcet for PMC election if there is no elections officer?
  * Should the doc designate an initial elections officer as the "pmc bootloader"? Given the spirit of the elections officer position existing to minimize difficulties, this should be done.
  * How long does a condorcet run?
  * suggestion to use debian’s DPL or tech-ctte election rules.
  * suggestion to nominate multi-person election committee for first election.
  * suggestion to post PR for review on IRC&slack in topics and over several weeks, to reach all community members. Is there a mailing list?
  * how are changes to the governance document governed? Total control by PMC? Passing through the control of the elections officer? Lazy consensus?

* y u no release mysql? 5.7.0 made backwards-incompatible breaking changes and Puppet needs to get it green in CI before release, but is slated for release asap after that.

## Reviews


## Past Reviews
### puppetlabs-aws
* 334: to discuss after the others are reviewed
* 330: david to comment and close and submit another bump pr for awssdk
* 328: needs work
* 324: commented

### puppetlabs-accounts
* 51: commented. Needs docs. Needs tests

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28
* 762: commented. Needs to validate passed in params
* 756: reviewed, 762 looks superior
* 764: commented - test failures need to be looked at

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1434: low priority, because backwards incompatible and 1434 provides a knob to fix that
* 1467: merge?
* 1474: tests fail, dropped in favour of 1486 + 1487
* 1486: same changes as 1487 and conflicts with 1474. David to rebase 1486 and 1487
* 1490: logic needs rework
* 1491: moved to 1494

