 # Module PR Triage 2016-10-13

https://bluejeans.com/280736660

## Participants:
* Hunner
* Sean
* eputnam
* igalic
* adams
* will
* bmjen

## Discussion
* Should VP start its own triage session to handle governance changes? (or just pmc@voxpupuli.org mail discussion)
* Differences or similarities between projects and companies. VP is a non-profit, but the charter of the Modules team ("Build and maintain high value modules that expand the reach of Puppet.") promotes engagement with VP directly
* VP governance wants to avoid anything meritocracy-oriented, because it devolves into non-viable forms of govn't.
* When litugical songs have call and answer, the call is called a "versicle" and is symbolized by ℣ (spawned by igalic's ☭ pasting)
* Fun tricks with self.instances and catalogs in aws #371

## Reviews
### puppetlabs-aws
* 371: reviewed
* 340: Filed QENG-4362 to be able to handle this

## Past Reviews
### puppetlabs-vcsrepo
* 274: will re-review after reboot

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 890: Needs more investigation.
* 884: commented 23 days ago. No response. Needs more research behind impact of #813.

### puppetlabs-ntp
* 338: irc request:  https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-ntp/pull/338 closed
  * is this 80/20 rule? Is this useful to users generally? "Who has missed this in the last 10 years?"

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 641: twitter request https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-firewall/pull/641 commented

### puppetlabs-apt
* 623: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apt/pull/623

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 498: reckicked failing CI & commented
* 497: see discussion
* 493: see discussion; needs review

### puppetlabs-lvm
* 158: skipping for now; will take too long
* 154: commented
* 153: commented

### puppetlabs-accounts
* 51: commented. Needs docs. Needs tests

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28
* 762: commented. Needs to validate passed in params
* 756: reviewed, 762 looks superior
* 764: commented - test failures need to be looked at

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1434: low priority, because backwards incompatible and 1434 provides a knob to fix that
* 1467: merge?
* 1474: tests fail, dropped in favour of 1486 + 1487
* 1486: same changes as 1487 and conflicts with 1474. David to rebase 1486 and 1487
* 1490: logic needs rework
* 1491: moved to 1494
* what to do with milestone'd backwards incompatible PRs? Apache defaults have changed while module defaults have stayed the same, but any major rewrite of the module will not be using PRs directly as it will be a full rewrite. Should we close the milestone ones? No, we are leaving them alone.
* 1513: commented
* 1497: commented
* 1498: commented
* 1499: commented
* 1498: commented. tests fail.
* 1499: looks good. waiting for tests to re-run.
* 1512: will run unit tests locally. Will debug acceptance test failure offline.
* 1513: will rerun and rebase

