 # Module PR Triage 2016-09-08

## Participants:
* Hunner
* eputnam
* Hail9000
* bmjen
* dev_el_ops
* tphoney
* "rob"

## Discussion
* PMC applications are open until Sep 17! https://github.com/voxpupuli/plumbing/blob/master/share/elections/2016-01.md#dates
* Puppet to give https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-mrepo/ to VP? (asking internal stakeholders)
* in general, who should be contacted for migrating modules at Puppet? TSE? PSE? RE? Product? Ops?
  * yes, within reason, but think about the value difference of VP vs Puppet and time spent
* If you have good canned responses, add them here! https://github.com/voxpupuli/plumbing/tree/master/share/canned_responses
* How does windows team do community interfacing?
  * Don't get too many PRs from community, so less intensive
  * Modules in the wild: ACL, registry, reboot, powershell, chocolatey, dism, dsc, sqlserver, wsus

## Reviews
### puppetlabs-ntp
* 338: irc request:  https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-ntp/pull/338 closed
  * is this 80/20 rule? Is this useful to users generally? "Who has missed this in the last 10 years?"

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 641: twitter request https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-firewall/pull/641 commented

### puppetlabs-apt
* 623: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apt/pull/623

## Past Reviews
### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 498: reckicked failing CI & commented
* 497: see discussion
* 493: see discussion; needs review

### puppetlabs-aws
* 334: to discuss after the others are reviewed
* 340: Filed QENG-4362 to be able to handle this

### puppetlabs-lvm
* 158: skipping for now; will take too long
* 154: commented
* 153: commented

### puppetlabs-accounts
* 51: commented. Needs docs. Needs tests

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28
* 762: commented. Needs to validate passed in params
* 756: reviewed, 762 looks superior
* 764: commented - test failures need to be looked at

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1434: low priority, because backwards incompatible and 1434 provides a knob to fix that
* 1467: merge?
* 1474: tests fail, dropped in favour of 1486 + 1487
* 1486: same changes as 1487 and conflicts with 1474. David to rebase 1486 and 1487
* 1490: logic needs rework
* 1491: moved to 1494
* what to do with milestone'd backwards incompatible PRs? Apache defaults have changed while module defaults have stayed the same, but any major rewrite of the module will not be using PRs directly as it will be a full rewrite. Should we close the milestone ones? No, we are leaving them alone.
* 1513: commented
* 1497: commented
* 1498: commented
* 1499: commented


