# Module PR Triage 2016-01-07 
## Participants:
* bmjen
* mentat
* DavidS
* HelenCampbell
* Hunner
* karmix
* daenney
* tphoney

## Discussion

* vcsrepo#275: group debugging the git provider; general consensus seems to be that the code is convoluted and jimmied

## Reviews

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 403: Commented. Need more information about the usecase.

## Past Reviews

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 418: Needs work.
* 407: Needs work. Fails tests. bmjen fixed unit tests, submitter needs to rebase.
* 405: Commented. Needs work. Submitter pinged. - Submitter closed this himself without comment.
* 211: Tests failing. Needs rebase. Broken on ruby 1.8.7. May require someone take over dev.
* 375: Commented. Backwards incompatible. Suggestions provided.

### puppetlabs-haproxy
* 200: merged
* 203: merged
* 204: re-uploaded as 211

### puppetlabs-java
* 149: closed

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 763: Merged at 786 

### puppetlabs-vcsrepo
* 275: [ACTION: bmjen to open JIRA tickets for karmix’s action items so that we can address them internally and take over karmix’s work. ([ACTION]. Karmix to take over suggested updates. [ACTION] bmjen to track larger refactor in github issues + jira ticket.)
* 270: [ACTION]: bmjen to open JIRA ticket to take over adding test to this PR to get the fix in. ([ACTION] Still closed due to inactivity. Karmix to comment on pertinence to #275.)

### puppetlabs-tomcat
* 109: now tracked in FM-3981. Will need to be reimplemented to more compartmentalized features and fixes.
