# Module PR Triage 2016-06-23
## Participants:
* Hunner
* bmjen
* dev_el_ops
* tphoney

## Discussion
* (via rnelson0) puppetlabs-mysql uses puppet-staging < 2.0.0 but lots of modules are using >= 2.0.0
**  https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-mysql/pull/858 was merged to address this, just need a new forge release.
** so we'll do a release in an upcoming sprint
** archive is supposed to be the new staging, and staging is deprecated, so why not switch to archive?
* Are module dependencies public or private API? At some point we decided that dependency gems are private api.


## Reviews
### puppetlabs-tomcat
* 148: commented, and marked on backwards incompatible. 
* 149: merged

### puppetlabs-stdlib
* 608: commented on.
* 609: guidance was given, changes to the main readme is required to show the new functionality. David will update the PR
 
### puppetlabs-mysql
* 803: wat?

## Past Reviews
### puppet-archive
* prep for release and approval!
* nan needs to make a decision on

### puppetlabs-haproxy
* 218: Needs rebase

### puppetlabs-aws
* 307: commenting
* 300: commented

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 832: commented

### voxpupuli-mcollective
* 282: rebased to https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-mcollective/pull/303

### puppetlabs-concat
* 397: commented

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 465: made 467
* 464: commented
* 460: deferred
* 457: needs squash/rebase

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 753: commented

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1341: User unsure of hunters last reply. Needs input from us.
* 1423: needs re-review
* 1428: commented

### puppetlabs-vcsrepo
* 274: commented pinging user for movement

### puppetlabs-mongodb
* 260: commented
* 253: needs rebased
* 251: needs rebase
* 284: commented (it probably needs lots of work)

### puppet-extlib - wat
* 49: no activity since last time

### puppetlabs-splunk
* 15: ticketed in MODULES-3112; needs rebase

### puppetlabs-dism
* 40: commented

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 423: commented
* 403: Commented. Need more information about the use case.
* 380: closed 

