 # Module PR Triage 2016-11-03

https://bluejeans.com/280736660

## Participants:
* Hunner
* EricBanks
* HAIL9000
* dev_el_ops
* HelenCampbell
* wyardley (irc: wby)
* wmcc
* Paula

## Discussion
* VP has a kanban! https://github.com/voxpupuli/plumbing/projects/1
* Hunter derped git and published voxpupuli splunk 99.99.99 to the forge. It has been deleted but had some downloads. It was supposed to be puppetlabs-splunk but github has the repos mirrored.
* nginx design for uwsgi_params and fastcgi_params:
    * Status quo is to maintain known defaults and allow users to override them.
    * the configuration files ARE owned by nginx so they are in scope
    * the module installs from many sources; perhaps we should trim it down to only official packaging? https://nginx.org/en/linux_packages.html
    * or prefer vendor packages? Needs discussion
    * defaults should be provider, and maybe vary by osfamily/operatingsystemmajrelease. Should be easily extendable/overridable by users
    * maybe break out the parameter settings into defined types similar to postgresql's


## Future reviews for next time:
### puppet-nginx
* #938: changes to default package source on Linux, seeking structural input
* #932: vhost => server name change
* #902: use_default_location

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* #504: maybe just switch to multi namevars but not try to maintain backwards compatibility?

## Reviews
### puppet-nginx
* #862: [discuss] (see above)
* #957: from 789 and 820?: should we rename this param?
* #929: GPG -- apt_key looks fine, so yumrepo in puppet core should be investigated
* #950: rework namespace: nginx::config should not inherit, instead it should bring base-class variables into the scope: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-postgresql/blob/master/manifests/server/config.pp and then document template-used variables: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-postgresql/blob/master/manifests/server/config.pp#L171-L175 . And tests should not test ::config/install/service directly, but should be applied on the base class.
* #941: puppet-strings: strings is nearing 1.0.0, file tickets at http://tickets.puppet.com/browse/PDOC

## Past Reviews
### puppetlabs-accounts
* 51: pinged

### puppetlabs-aws
* 340: Filed QENG-4362 to be able to handle this

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 890: Needs more investigation.
* 884: commented 23 days ago. No response. Needs more research behind impact of #813.

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 641: twitter request https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-firewall/pull/641 commented

### puppetlabs-apt
* 623: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apt/pull/623

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 497: see discussion
* 493: see discussion; needs review

### puppetlabs-lvm
* 158: skipping for now; will take too long
* 153: commented

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28
* 764: commented - test failures need to be looked at

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1434: low priority, because backwards incompatible and 1434 provides a knob to fix that
* what to do with milestone'd backwards incompatible PRs? Apache defaults have changed while module defaults have stayed the same, but any major rewrite of the module will not be using PRs directly as it will be a full rewrite. Should we close the milestone ones? No, we are leaving them alone.
* 1498: commented

