# Module PR Triage 2017-01-05

Join us in video chat! https://bluejeans.com/280736660

## Participants:
* Hunner
* fraq
* HelenCampbell
* eputnam
* DavidS
* tphoney
* dhollinger
* bmjen
* rnelson0
* james.powis
* swa_work

### Discussion:
* puppet 3 is EOL so support will be going away from modules
    * dropping p3 from metadata is a major version bump, so bump the versions!
    * dropping ruby versions is inherently tied to the puppet versions and not explicit in the metadata
    * dropping p3 from metadata must come before code changes, but doesn't require code changes
    * puppet versions up until 4.6.0 had various issues, so might as well do >= 4.6.1 if you can
    * 2015.2 has ruby 2.1.7 and puppet 4.2.3; they are the oldest supported ruby/puppet versions supported (until march)
    * stdlib will drop puppet 3 support last, because everything depends on it and that would break the world (it still is compatible with puppet 2.7 for example)
* Anyone have questions about approved modules?
* beaker-puppet_install_helper 0.6.0 released (change default install from foss to agent; use `PUPPET_INSTALL_TYPE=foss` for old behaviour)
    * When will this support json 2.0 gem? Indirect dependency from beaker (https://gist.github.com/rnelson0/3f52409eff02c61bbc255d818afe43c2) (rnelson0)
* metadata indicates support rather than compatibility; what are thoughts on this?
    * the forge "supported" field is generated on this and is the expectation according no rnelson0
    * supported platforms should be tested. Untested platforms should not be supported
    * the forge tab does say "compatible" instead of "supported". Suggestion: indicate on the forge "compatibility" tab which platforms are provided by Puppet Inc ("officially provided" platforms) and which platforms are "Community" maintained ("magic" platforms 🔥) eg based on https://puppet.com/content/platform-support-lifecycle
    * rnelson0 wants to contribute metadata-json-lint parsing for warnings about which platforms are EOL

## Reviews
### puppetlabs-aws
* 387: request for comment (requested by zleslie)

### puppetlabs-puppet_agent
* 203: commented for the maintainers to review (requested by rnelson0)

### puppetlabs-lvm
* 167: Needs docs/tests but looks good. bmjen taking this as an escalation

## Past Reviews
### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* #504: Big discussion on title_patterns and namevar
* 497: see discussion
* 493: see discussion; needs review

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 797: picked the remaining functionality into 820, added a little bit of cleanup 
* 792: commented
* 810: commented
* 805: commented, backwards incompatible
* 797: from 796. Commented
* 823: commented
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28
* 764: commented - test failures need to be looked at

### puppetlabs-lvm
* https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-lvm/pull/166
* 158: skipping for now; will take too long
* 153: commented

### puppetlabs-xinetd
* 81: Define service_hasstatus/hasrestart for Amazon Linux
* 81: commented

### puppet-nginx
* 980: Still in progress (vhost -> server rename)
* #862: [discuss] (see above)
* #957: from 789 and 820?: should we rename this param?
* #929: GPG -- apt_key looks fine, so yumrepo in puppet core should be investigated
* #950: rework namespace: nginx::config should not inherit, instead it should bring base-class variables into the scope: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-postgresql/blob/master/manifests/server/config.pp and then document template-used variables: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-postgresql/blob/master/manifests/server/config.pp#L171-L175 . And tests should not test ::config/install/service directly, but should be applied on the base class.
* #941: puppet-strings: strings is nearing 1.0.0, file tickets at http://tickets.puppet.com/browse/PDOC
* #950: Merged; remaining work is to add nginx::service and nginx::package as per the BGTM (https://docs.puppet.com/guides/module_guides/bgtm.html)
* #938: changes to default package source on Linux, seeking input on whether to use upstream or distro packaging.
  * https://nginx.org/en/docs/install.html officially documents using upstream packaging and does not mention distro packaging
  * use manage_repo true/false or package_source? Only a single location to configure is best. Sounds like have manage_package => true/false, allow package_source => "nginx"/"nginx-mainline", and remove `manage_repo`
  * zleslie: one example is to have various package_name values, and if undef on a platform then skip the package resource
* #967: Should be ssl like #939
* #902: use_default_location

### puppetlabs-accounts
* 51: pinged

### puppetlabs-aws
* 340: Filed QENG-4362 to be able to handle this

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 890: Needs more investigation.
* 884: commented 23 days ago. No response. Needs more research behind impact of #813.
* 917: commented.
* 912: commented and closed
* 904 + 900 + 890: Hunner will fix.

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 641: twitter request https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-firewall/pull/641 commented

### puppetlabs-apt
* 623: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apt/pull/623

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1434: low priority, because backwards incompatible and 1434 provides a knob to fix that
* what to do with milestone'd backwards incompatible PRs? Apache defaults have changed while module defaults have stayed the same, but any major rewrite of the module will not be using PRs directly as it will be a full rewrite. Should we close the milestone ones? No, we are leaving them alone.
* 1498: commented

### puppetlabs-mongodb
* can we tag the latest merges?
