# Module PR Triage 2017-11-16

Join us in video chat! https://bluejeans.com/280736660

## Participants:
* eputnam
* dhollinger
* Paula McMaw
* Will Meek

### Discussion:
* #puppethack Dec 7, 2017! 
https://puppethack_december2017.eventbrite.com

Approved Modules: (save discussion for next meeting on 11/30)
- Approving modules that manage different major versions of the same application?
- Process for reviewing existing approved modules to ensure quality?
- Should Approved modules be owned by a single maintainer?
- Should the community prefer "approved modules over non-approved modules?

## Reviews:
Finishing up mongodb tickets
- Closed all tickets created in 2016
- Finished!

### puppetlabs-rsync
* 78: closed - inactivity
* 80: commented
* 81: opened #110 to close

## Past Reviews:
### puppetlabs-apache
* 1659: again... looking good, comments from ekohl for a few helpful changes.

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 917: 
 
- last one please: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-haproxy/pull/278 tests failing

### mongodb on JIRA
- https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/MODULES-3749 migrated
- https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/MODULES-3633 closed
- https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/MODULES-534 closed, won't fix, PR possible
- https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/MODULES-936 closed
- a few others, too!

### puppet-rabbitmq
- 529: commented
- 556: commented
- 547: commented, merged by accident and reverted. Needs to be resubmitted.
- 598: merged

### puppetlabs-mongodb
* 367: commented (points to 369)
* 351: commented, hunner will fixup


### puppetlabs-mysql
* 884: Needs more research behind impact of #813.
* 904: Commented. "Hunner will fix."

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 805: commented, backwards incompatible
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28, and following
- The epic for tracking hashes-as-hiera-bindings is MODULES-3661
- Profiles are generally user-specific and difficult to make abstract, which is why the module's API is generally non-prescriptive in the first place
- How can we teach users to codify their infrastructure in a profile? What does a good profile look like?
- It seems that explicit hiera_*() queries from profiles is better than parameters
- queries can use previously returned answers
- queries can be used in loops
- queries can have different hiera queries, though this could also be viewed as a negative as it could easily make things more confusing
- Would it be *so* bad to block users from this pattern, if they may need to use it as a stepping stone to reach the next level of "profile abstracting define declarations"?
- Con: Progressing beyond this would require a large code and/or data refactor
- Pro: Users new to puppet can write yaml more easily than requiring them to write profiles THEN write yaml
- Alterate idea, create a <module name>::profile::hiera that is a class with parameters of empty hashes to create resources
* 822: needs investigation based on MODULES-4144
* 831: needs lower bound of concat dependency to be >= 2.0.0 (when the force parameter was disabled) and then merge
* 834: postgresql::server::recovery would have conflicts. Hunner to follow up with user


### voxpupuli-yum
* 40: commented

### puppetlabs-aws
* 394: commented
* 378: commented
* 312: commented
* 300: commented

### puppet-nginx
* #862: [discuss]
* #929: GPG -- apt_key looks fine, so yumrepo in puppet core should be investigated
* #941: puppet-strings: strings is nearing 1.0.0, file tickets at http://tickets.puppet.com/browse/PDOC
* #938: changes to default package source on Linux, seeking input on whether to use upstream or distro packaging.
  * https://nginx.org/en/docs/install.html officially documents using upstream packaging and does not mention distro packaging
  * use manage_repo true/false or package_source? Only a single location to configure is best. Sounds like have manage_package => true/false, allow package_source => "nginx"/"nginx-mainline", and remove `manage_repo`
  * zleslie: one example is to have various package_name values, and if undef on a platform then skip the package resource
* #902: use_default_location


