# Module PR Triage 2017-04-13

Join us in video chat! https://bluejeans.com/280736660

## Participants:
* Hunner
* mwahaha
* cdenneen
* ErickBanks
* eputnam

### Discussion:
* beaker-puppet_install_helper 0.7.1 released
* beaker-puppet_install_helper 0.7.0 resulted in beaker failures in Puppet OpenStack due to pathing issues
    - broken log from 0.7.0:  http://logs.openstack.org/76/455376/8/check/gate-puppet-cinder-puppet-beaker-rspec-ubuntu-xenial/5205c7f/console.html#_2017-04-13_13_26_47_005341
    - working log from 0.6.0: http://logs.openstack.org/59/450159/8/check/gate-puppet-horizon-puppet-beaker-rspec-ubuntu-xenial/7cccdf6/console.html#_2017-04-12_14_56_39_254174
    - https://github.com/puppetlabs/beaker-puppet_install_helper/pull/31
    - Puppet OpenStack runs beaker on localhost with no foss puppet related items
* rabbitmq types need to autorequire service https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/MODULES-4729
* CFP for PuppetConf is open!
* Module team is releasing modules to be >= 4.7.0 < 5.0.0 in metadata now. If you want to pick a version range, that's nice
* Data-in-modules has a bug that interprets ~ as {} instead of nil until puppet 4.5.0 https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6230

## Reviews:
### puppetlabs-rabbitmq (29 open PRs)
* 537: merged
* 533: commented
* 526: merged
* 520: merged
* 517: merged
* 497: merged
* 423: closed


## Past Reviews:
### puppetlabs-mongodb
* 361: commented
* 351: commented, hunner will fixup

### puppetlabs-concat
* 428: Commented, put up 433 for first four commits.

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 866: closed due to inactivity
* 884: Needs more research behind impact of #813.
* 904: Commented. "Hunner will fix."
* 920: running ad hoc jenkins
* 925: commented - syntax error

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 805: commented, backwards incompatible
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28, and following
- The epic for tracking hashes-as-hiera-bindings is MODULES-3661
- Profiles are generally user-specific and difficult to make abstract, which is why the module's API is generally non-prescriptive in the first place
- How can we teach users to codify their infrastructure in a profile? What does a good profile look like?
- It seems that explicit hiera_*() queries from profiles is better than parameters

    - queries can use previously returned answers

    - queries can be used in loops

    - queries can have different hiera queries, though this could also be viewed as a negative as it could easily make things more confusing

- Would it be *so* bad to block users from this pattern, if they may need to use it as a stepping stone to reach the next level of "profile abstracting define declarations"?

    - Con: Progressing beyond this would require a large code and/or data refactor

    - Pro: Users new to puppet can write yaml more easily than requiring them to write profiles THEN write yaml

- Alterate idea, create a <module name>::profile::hiera that is a class with parameters of empty hashes to create resources
* 793: merged
* 822: needs investigation based on MODULES-4144
* 831: needs lower bound of concat dependency to be >= 2.0.0 (when the force parameter was disabled) and then merge
* 833: merged
* 834
* 831 vs 843
* 846

    
### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* 504: Big discussion on title_patterns and namevar
* 497: see discussion
* 493: see discussion; needs review
* many, many more...

### voxpupuli-yum
* 40: commented

### puppetlabs-aws
* 394: commented
* 378: commented
* 312: commented
* 300: commented

### puppet-nginx
* #862: [discuss]
* #929: GPG -- apt_key looks fine, so yumrepo in puppet core should be investigated
* #941: puppet-strings: strings is nearing 1.0.0, file tickets at http://tickets.puppet.com/browse/PDOC
* #938: changes to default package source on Linux, seeking input on whether to use upstream or distro packaging.
  * https://nginx.org/en/docs/install.html officially documents using upstream packaging and does not mention distro packaging
  * use manage_repo true/false or package_source? Only a single location to configure is best. Sounds like have manage_package => true/false, allow package_source => "nginx"/"nginx-mainline", and remove `manage_repo`
  * zleslie: one example is to have various package_name values, and if undef on a platform then skip the package resource
* #902: use_default_location

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 670: commented

### puppetlabs-apt
* 623: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apt/pull/623

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1434: low priority, because backwards incompatible and 1434 provides a knob to fix that
* what to do with milestone'd backwards incompatible PRs? Apache defaults have changed while module defaults have stayed the same, but any major rewrite of the module will not be using PRs directly as it will be a full rewrite. Should we close the milestone ones? No, we are leaving them alone.

### puppetlabs-mongodb
* can we tag the latest merges?

### puppetlabs-lvm
* 158: skipping for now; will take too long
