# Module PR Triage 2017-01-26

Join us in video chat! https://bluejeans.com/280736660

## Participants:
* Hunner
* iamwithonel
* heliocentric
* Guest 4
* eputnam
* HAIL9000
* bmjen

### Discussion:

## Reviews
### puppetlabs-aws
* 398: merged

### puppet-nginx
* 1003: merged and closes 1002

### puppet-php
* 296: merged

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 680: merged
* 670: commented

## Past Reviews
### puppetlabs-aws
* 340: merged and tests commented out in 397
* 395: different failures from previous review request, so probably WIP
* 394: commented
* 378: commented
* 312: commented
* 300: commented
* 281: commented

### puppetlabs-puppet_agent
* 203: commented for the maintainers to review (requested by rnelson0)

### puppetlabs-rabbitmq
* #504: Big discussion on title_patterns and namevar
* 497: see discussion
* 493: see discussion; needs review

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 797: picked the remaining functionality into 820, added a little bit of cleanup 
* 792: commented
* 810: commented
* 805: commented, backwards incompatible
* 797: from 796. Commented
* 823: commented
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28
* 764: commented - test failures need to be looked at

### puppetlabs-lvm
* https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-lvm/pull/166
* 158: skipping for now; will take too long
* 153: commented
* 167: Needs docs/tests but looks good. bmjen taking this as an escalation

### puppetlabs-xinetd
* 81: Define service_hasstatus/hasrestart for Amazon Linux
* 81: commented

### puppet-nginx
* 980: Still in progress (vhost -> server rename)
* #862: [discuss] (see above)
* #957: from 789 and 820?: should we rename this param?
* #929: GPG -- apt_key looks fine, so yumrepo in puppet core should be investigated
* #950: rework namespace: nginx::config should not inherit, instead it should bring base-class variables into the scope: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-postgresql/blob/master/manifests/server/config.pp and then document template-used variables: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-postgresql/blob/master/manifests/server/config.pp#L171-L175 . And tests should not test ::config/install/service directly, but should be applied on the base class.
* #941: puppet-strings: strings is nearing 1.0.0, file tickets at http://tickets.puppet.com/browse/PDOC
* #950: Merged; remaining work is to add nginx::service and nginx::package as per the BGTM (https://docs.puppet.com/guides/module_guides/bgtm.html)
* #938: changes to default package source on Linux, seeking input on whether to use upstream or distro packaging.
  * https://nginx.org/en/docs/install.html officially documents using upstream packaging and does not mention distro packaging
  * use manage_repo true/false or package_source? Only a single location to configure is best. Sounds like have manage_package => true/false, allow package_source => "nginx"/"nginx-mainline", and remove `manage_repo`
  * zleslie: one example is to have various package_name values, and if undef on a platform then skip the package resource
* #967: Should be ssl like #939
* #902: use_default_location

### puppetlabs-accounts
* 51: pinged

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 890: Needs more investigation.
* 884: commented 23 days ago. No response. Needs more research behind impact of #813.
* 917: commented.
* 912: commented and closed
* 904 + 900 + 890: Hunner will fix.

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 641: twitter request https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-firewall/pull/641 commented

### puppetlabs-apt
* 623: https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apt/pull/623

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1434: low priority, because backwards incompatible and 1434 provides a knob to fix that
* what to do with milestone'd backwards incompatible PRs? Apache defaults have changed while module defaults have stayed the same, but any major rewrite of the module will not be using PRs directly as it will be a full rewrite. Should we close the milestone ones? No, we are leaving them alone.
* 1498: commented

### puppetlabs-mongodb
* can we tag the latest merges?
