# Module PR Triage 2017-09-14

Join us in video chat! https://bluejeans.com/280736660

## Participants:
* Hunner
* eputnam
* HAIL9000
* wyardley
* rnelson0

### Discussion:
- Bastelfreak said that VP will take the apache module +1 ja bitte
- Revisit puppet-strings discussion with hail9000 and everyone

    - strings was supposed to do what "puppet doc" did but that was too long, so it's not called "puppet doc"

    - PDOC is the ticket tracker

    - https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PDOC-131 is the ticket for the "must output markdown" request to generate the readmes

    - documenting modules is different from documenting puppet's codebase, so they perhaps shouldn't do everything

    - The modules team needs to advocate for strings to become a priority (realistically won't happen until after pconf though)

    - Definitely needs more reference implementations of even existing functionality

    - Contributor summit could have a "Strings table" that shows how to get started with strings

    - strings doesn't detect defaults well (eg params pattern or undefs that uses $_*) so englishing a default would be needed

    - イントナチーナラザションはどうですか？(how about i18n?)

    - generating the readmes with multiple languages would be a difficult problem

- For Rabbitmq Is it possible to re-release 5.6 (ideally with correct name in metadata) under Vox? (https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-rabbitmq/issues/627)

    - Pointed a 'hotfix' branch at the old 5.6.0 tag and PR'd a 5.6.1 metadata PR: https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-rabbitmq/pull/635

    - merged and cowboy-released (manually built and pushed)


## Reviews:
### puppet-rabbitmq
* 598

## Past Reviews:

### puppetlabs-apache
* 1659: approved, waiting for further testing work

### puppetlabs-firewall
* 699: closed - stale

### puppet-rabbitmq
- 493: needs rebase
- 563: needs rebase
- 529: commented
- 556: commented
- 547: commented, merged by accident and reverted. Needs to be resubmitted.

### voxpupuli-collectd
* 673: See discussion

### puppet-splunk
* 94: needs docs and rebase, but lgtm otherwise


### puppetlabs-mongodb
* 367: commented (points to 369)
* 361: commented
* 351: commented, hunner will fixup

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 846: commented
* 834: postgresql::server::recovery would have conflicts. Hunner to follow up with user
* 852: commented

### puppetlabs-rsync
* 83: commented
* 71: commented
* 73: commented
* 85: commented

### puppetlabs-concat
* 428: Commented, put up 433 for first four commits.

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 866: closed due to inactivity
* 884: Needs more research behind impact of #813.
* 904: Commented. "Hunner will fix."
* 920: running ad hoc jenkins
* 925: commented - syntax error

### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 805: commented, backwards incompatible
* 775: See discussion on 2016-07-28, and following
- The epic for tracking hashes-as-hiera-bindings is MODULES-3661
- Profiles are generally user-specific and difficult to make abstract, which is why the module's API is generally non-prescriptive in the first place
- How can we teach users to codify their infrastructure in a profile? What does a good profile look like?
- It seems that explicit hiera_*() queries from profiles is better than parameters

    - queries can use previously returned answers

    - queries can be used in loops

    - queries can have different hiera queries, though this could also be viewed as a negative as it could easily make things more confusing

- Would it be *so* bad to block users from this pattern, if they may need to use it as a stepping stone to reach the next level of "profile abstracting define declarations"?

    - Con: Progressing beyond this would require a large code and/or data refactor

    - Pro: Users new to puppet can write yaml more easily than requiring them to write profiles THEN write yaml

- Alterate idea, create a <module name>::profile::hiera that is a class with parameters of empty hashes to create resources
* 822: needs investigation based on MODULES-4144
* 831: needs lower bound of concat dependency to be >= 2.0.0 (when the force parameter was disabled) and then merge
* 834


### voxpupuli-yum
* 40: commented

### puppetlabs-aws
* 394: commented
* 378: commented
* 312: commented
* 300: commented

### puppet-nginx
* #862: [discuss]
* #929: GPG -- apt_key looks fine, so yumrepo in puppet core should be investigated
* #941: puppet-strings: strings is nearing 1.0.0, file tickets at http://tickets.puppet.com/browse/PDOC
* #938: changes to default package source on Linux, seeking input on whether to use upstream or distro packaging.
  * https://nginx.org/en/docs/install.html officially documents using upstream packaging and does not mention distro packaging
  * use manage_repo true/false or package_source? Only a single location to configure is best. Sounds like have manage_package => true/false, allow package_source => "nginx"/"nginx-mainline", and remove `manage_repo`
  * zleslie: one example is to have various package_name values, and if undef on a platform then skip the package resource
* #902: use_default_location


