# Module PR Triage 2018-03-08

Join us in video chat! https://bluejeans.com/280736660
Go to https://github.com/voxpupuli/community-triage/tree/master/modules/notes for notes from previous meetings.


## Participants:
* eputnam
* Hunner

### Discussion:
* Discontinuation of module development/maintenance if a better one exists and what determines that. - dhollinger
- prefer author ask for deprecation/removal
- issue warning to author (unless it's painfully obvious): module seems to be out of regular maintenance
- also need to take downloads into account. is anyone still using it? e.g. Hunner's wordpress module
- deprecate/remove with no response

- there are some limitations around being able to remove modules from the Forge: modules cannot actually be removed easily but only marked as deleted. even when they are marked, they can still be downloaded.



* bastelfreak needs some releases removed from the forge

* Data in modules and Hiera 5
      - some modules have been switching to data-in-modules scheme, which is good
      - however the most up-to-date metadata syntax (hiera.yaml and metadata.json) breaks Puppet 4.9 and earlier
      - it's possible to use data-in-modules with metadata that's compatible with both Puppet 5 and Puppet 4.9
      - so this raises a policy question of whether Puppet 4.9 is too old to support
      - see this PR for an example of compatible data-in-modules setup https://github.com/camptocamp/puppet-systemd/pull/73

## Reviews:


## Past Reviews:
### puppetlabs-stdlib
* 875: merged
    
### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 891: merged

### puppetlabs-concat
* https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-concat/pull/485/files merged

### puppetlabs-mysql
* https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-mysql/pull/1019 commented

### puppetlabs-apache
* https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apache/pull/1717 closed

### puppetlabs-mysql
* 1043: 5.2.0 release - merged

### puppetlabs-java_ks
* 212: commented

### puppet-rabbitmq
* 676: 
    
### puppetlabs-postgresql
* 917: commented (yuge!)

### puppetlabs-tomcat
* 260: review in progress
If it's possible can you review the puppet-archive dependancy? At the moment it's >1.0.0 <2.0.0. Last usable version is 1.3.0 and there's a version 2.2.0 out from november.

### puppetlabs-rsync
* 78: closed - inactivity
* 80: commented
* 81: opened #110 to close
    
### puppetlabs-apache
* 1659: again... looking good, comments from ekohl for a few helpful changes.



### puppet-rabbitmq
- 529: commented
- 556: commented
- 547: commented, merged by accident and reverted. Needs to be resubmitted.
- 598: merged



### voxpupuli-yum
* 40: commented

### puppet-nginx
* #862: [discuss]
* #929: GPG -- apt_key looks fine, so yumrepo in puppet core should be investigated
* #941: puppet-strings: strings is nearing 1.0.0, file tickets at http://tickets.puppet.com/browse/PDOC
* #938: changes to default package source on Linux, seeking input on whether to use upstream or distro packaging.
  * https://nginx.org/en/docs/install.html officially documents using upstream packaging and does not mention distro packaging
  * use manage_repo true/false or package_source? Only a single location to configure is best. Sounds like have manage_package => true/false, allow package_source => "nginx"/"nginx-mainline", and remove `manage_repo`
  * zleslie: one example is to have various package_name values, and if undef on a platform then skip the package resource
* #902: use_default_location


