# Puppet PR Triage Notes 2014-09-10

FYI, this weeks triage was hosted as a 'Hangout on the Air', and
therefore a recording has been automatically published to YouTube.
For those unavailable to attend, but interested in reviewing what was
discussed, the video is available at:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjBXOF-BrOE


Attending: Ethan, Kylo, Whopper, EricT, FelixFrank (community)

## New:

### Facter

No new Facter tickets reviewed on 9/10.

### Puppet:

2990: (maint) better error message when a relationship can't be established
  - As of 9/10, Ethan left comment with contributor about commit msg

3002: (#21272) Refactor created directory from Puppet module generate
  - As of 9/10, pinged Anderson /brandon from modules team

3004: There's no way 'bsd' provider will work on OpenBSD
  - As of 9/10, Kylo to follow up with jasper about creating Jira ticket and
    following contribution guidelines.

3013: PUP-3137 document updated
  - As of 9/10, pinged Carthik to update commit msg, NickF review

3015: Remove "{}" from PUPPETMASTER_EXTRA_OPTS and PUPPET_EXTRA_OPTS
  - As of 9/10,Kylo to ping Haus and have contributor open ticket

3003: PUP-3128 enabled pacman as default provider for manjarolinux
  - As of 9/10, Ethan merged

3027: Prevent group duplication when group list created from multiple sources
  - Need JIRA ticket, and some sort of tests
  - As of 9/10, Kylo to notify contributor

## Held Over

### Facter:

None reviewed on 9/10 - all held over.

774: Detect KVM even when generic CPU model name is used
  - Asked contributor for some minor fix ups, addition of new ticket to FACTER

777: FACT-695 Return correct data types
  - Putting on hold until 9/10 for additional discussion

778: FACT-698 Add fips_enabled fact
  - Josh adding notes to this PR and related PUP-3114 PR at 3044
  - Uncertain of the value of the fact if we don't intend to merge PUP-3114

769: FACT-680
  - Ethan to notify contributor to add test, update commit msg
  - Still waiting on contributor response as of 9/3, Kylo to ping contributor

### Puppet:

2986: (PUP-3119 )Added yaml output to puppet resource
  - Pinged Henrik and Eric to get their opinions; Eric is discussing
it with contributor in the PR.
  - Ticket has been created, some discussion has moved forward, it
seems like this is a useful operation.  Still no tests, code requires
some additional cleanup.
  - Kylo contacting contributor with additional details about
maintenance commits / PRs
  - 9/10 - Kylo to squash commits / merge

2866 PUP-1244 puppet4
  - Switches the yum provider to use RPM version comparison instead of
semantic version comparison
  - This might be breaking but is more correct and has been requested
since Puppet 0.24, document as a breaking change in Puppet 4
  - Commit messages need to be fixed up, Andy to handle
  - Has an error; @jantman will be looking into it this week; check
back next week.
  - Still waiting on contributor for changes; Joshua to ping
  - Jason has updated the failing case JoshP saw; Joshua to test again
  - Tests out fine, and has been squashed, but seeing a failure on
1.8.7; JoshP will look at it
  - As of 8/27, JoshP still investigating failure on 1.8.7
  - As of 9/3, Ethan rerunning job on Travis, will merge if it passes
  - As of 9/10, this needs to have some miscellaneous white space / code cleanup
    performed, remove use of and in favor of &&, etc - Kylo to cleanpu


2952: PUP-3038 Cache search_directories
  - Ongoing discussion about unexpected impact from this change
  - Breaking specs
  - Commit message neds updating to provide ticket # and information
about the change
  - Felix also wondered how this related to PUP-1592 and has updated
PUP-3038 to link that
  - Ethan added note that PUP-3032 might address this already, and
asked contributor to measure impact on his environment.  It's possible
this ticket might be closed if the perf gains with the work on
PUP-3032 are sufficient.
  - As of 9/3, contributor has not mentioned if we fixed his issue with the
  always_cache_features setting, will wait another week for response
before closing
  - As of 9/10, closed


2951: PUP-3038 Cache typeloader misses
  - Same PUP-3038 ticket as 2952, similar concerns
  - This is something that seems like a reasonable idea, but could
have some difficult to debug failure scenarios (when changing
    environments for instance), that we're uncertain of at this point.
  - Suggest we use a sentinel value for a TypeNotFound situation,
rather than relying on nil (even if it adds more code to the
    PR, this will be more clear)
  - We'd like to evaluate the concept for Puppet 4, but making this
part of 3.7 is not going to happen right now.
  - JoshP to discuss Henrik comments about viability of this approach.
  - As of 9/3, pinged Henrik / Josh about closing this.
  - As of 9/10, closed

2919: PUP-2995 Proposal for processing an external trusted OID yaml file
  - JIRA issue has been filed for this pull request
  - Needs spec tests, needs refining of the implementation. We'll
continue work on this with the contributor.
  - Check in with Adrien tomorrow 8/14 about picking this up now that
he's rotated off of community role
  - JoshP to check in on the settings behavior, given we don't want to
use a class variable to track init state (and have several different
hook options available for determining when settings can be changed)
  - As of 9/3, Ethan asked for contributor clarification on implementation
  - As of 9/10, much discussion on this particular issue -- we're uncertain of
    the lifecycle implications.  Ethan to follow up with Adrien to see what we
    might want to do to address

2649: Add slot support for portage package provider.
  - Duplicates GH-2779, decision is to ping both contributors to see
if they can coalesce their individual PRs into a single branch. Finch
commenting this week.
  - GH-2779 hasn't seen updates, closing that one in favor of this
one. There's some concern about possibly using `:` as a special value
in package resource titles but we don't want to go down that route.
  - Pinged Adrien for a final call on this now that the specs are updated
  - Ethan to look at next week at some point
  - As of 9/3, Kylo asking contributor for a ticket, will revisit next week
  - As of 9/10, Kylo following up on following up

2683: Add more config manipulation options
  - Needs a JIRA issue and tests are failing
  - Would be a good fix to have, if contributor doesn't get back to us
might be worthwhile to fixup ourselves.
  - Adrien asking for a Ticket so we can pull it onto community board
and tackle it.
  - No response/no ticket, Joshua to create ticket
  - Discussion that we should preserve the current behavior of `puppet
config set prop ''` and you should use `puppet config del` to remove
the setting and restore the default. JoshP to continue work.
  - Comments from JoshP from 19 days ago have not been addressed as of 8/27
  - As of 9/3, waiting for a response from Ben
  - As of 9/10, waiting for a response from Ben still, will close on 9/17 if now

2770: Allow version and held states of a package to specified as
separate properties
  - This is a very big and sticky issue, and might be worth promoting
into the platform team because of the wide ranging ramifications
  - Plan is to discuss how we promote issues like this, and respond to
the contributor with our next steps forward
  - Pending contributor response, willing to wait on this since we're
asking a lot of the contributor
  - Will need to talk with Adrien tomorrow and figure out how to hand this off.
  - Didn't have time to look at on 8/27 -- major PR that has breaking
changes and could require work.  Would need to be targeted at Puppet 4
at the very least, but this one is tricky.  Will try to investigate at
next PR meeting.
  - As of 9/3, punting this one a week, since it's a BIG change
  - As of 9/10, probably punting to post-PuppetConf - too big for now

2870 (PUP-2526) Make the puppet agent retry failed requests.
  - Issue in commit message references projects.puppetlabs.com ticket,
actual issue is https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-2526
  - There are a lot of cases where HTTP retries aren't meaningful
(catalog retrieval, report submission)
  - We haven't been able to come to an agreement with the contributor
about what requests should be retried and how, and we might not have
the resources to make the changes ourselves.
  - Felix commented in the ticket, some discussion is happening there
  - Waiting to see if we can come to some agreement in the ticket as
to the direction of the change.
  - As of 8/27, still stewing on this one
  - As of 9/3, Kylo to ping contributors in ticket, still need to
discuss further
  - As of 9/10, closed the ticket based on lack of feedback / consensus

2869 PUP-3010 Allow Upstart jobs on Amazon Linux
  - Ticket filed, issues pending on the pull request
  - Waiting on contributor feedback
  - Needs a spec and an updated commit message
  - Ethan pinged contributor on 8/27
  - Ethan to verify again this is ready, and will merge to master once
3.7 has shipped
  - As of 9/3, still waiting on Puppet 3.7 to ship
  - As of 9/10, Ethan will fixup / merge this commit

2820: (PUP-2867) Support ~ in file paths, allows to deploy to ~<user>
directories
  - Already in discussion on puppet-dev
  - Tests are failing, commits need squashing; waiting for contributor response
  - What happens when the path starts with `~/` - do we expand to the
current user?
  - Felix clarified the above issue; waiting on contributor
  - As of 8/27, debate ongoing - will revisit in next PR triage.
  - As of 9/3, Kylo leaving comments on this ticket.  Current status is that
    we remain unconvinced of this being necessarily useful for everyone.
  - As of 9/10, waiting on contributor response. Will give it one more week
    before we close the PR.

2614: (PUP-2452) Refresh support for Package type
  - Looks reasonable.
  - There is a question from the contributor about if there needs to
be something changed to use this.
  - The answer to the question is, "yes, having a use of this is ideal".
  - Adrien noted that using the :methods system for the feature is
hard to control. Better is to require that the provider just
explicitly declare the feature, which it already does.
  - Another concern came up about getting refresh events that will
cause unintended reinstalls. Such a case is when a class contains a
package and is the target of a notify.
  - This is a larger change to functionality that we need to bring up
on puppet-dev to figure out how to deal with the unintended
consequences of adding this functionality.
  - Adrien to file a ticket on finer grained refresh handling and
start a thread on puppet-dev to come to a decision about how to better
control refresh events.
  - Some discussion taking place in the PR, waiting on the contributor
for an updated opt-in approach
  - As of 8/27, contributor still working on PR - will re-eval next week
  - As of 9/3, contributor has made reasonable changes / provided tests,
    Ethan to pull in / merge once Puppet 3.7 has shipped.  Likely rename
    refreshable to reinstallable.
  - As of 9/10, Ethan to review locally / merge for next week
