# Puppet PR Triage Notes 2015-01-28.md

Recording: Mistakenly created a public hangout instead of a Hangout On Air, so no recording this week.

### Attending

* **Kylo Ginsberg (kylog)**
* **Justin May (dankreek)**
* **Chris Price (cprice404)**
* **Jeremy Barlow (camlow325)**
* **Scott Garman (ScottGarman)**
* **Michael Smith (MikaelSmith)**
* **Josh Cooper (joshcooper)**

### Summary

During the previous week, we [closed 5 PRs](https://github.com/pulls?q=repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fpuppet+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Ffacter+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fhiera+is%3Apr+label%3ATriaged+closed%3A%222015-01-21+..+2015-01-28%22++-label%3APL), of which [0 were merged](https://github.com/pulls?q=repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fpuppet+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Ffacter+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fhiera+is%3Apr+label%3ATriaged+merged%3A%222015-01-21+..+2015-01-28%22+-label%3APL); 3 others were updated and then pushed.

At the start of the triage:

* Puppet
  - [13 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A
%222015-01-21+..+2015-01-28%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - (not recorded) currently open, 13 from community
* Facter
  - [0 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%
222015-01-21+..+2015-01-28%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 2 currently open, 1 from community
* Hiera
  - [0 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/hiera/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%2
22015-01-21+..+2015-01-28%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 0 currently open, 0 from community

View each individual pull request for detailed notes.


## Reviewed and Updated this Week:

### Puppet
* PUP-3706
  - PR-3348: Contributor recently noted intention to update specs to rspec v3 syntax
* PUP-3094
  - **Action: PR-2061: Awaiting feedback from Matthaus Owens**
* PUP-3127
  - **Action: PR-3045 Scott Garman to rebase**
* PUP-1072
  - PR-3372: This bug caused significant discussion. In summary: Puppet Labs has several new features planned that rely on some functionality akin to the 'static compiler'; that is, a way to pin a catalog to a fixed version of a file resource's content, at the time of the catalog compilation. We need to be able to ensure that if the catalog is cached and run again in the future, it won't result in the agent downloading newer content for the file resources.  Until we have a little better idea what our general solution to that problem is going to look like, it's difficult to predict the impact that this feature would have. We will probably need to get our product team to weigh in and decide whether this is something we can safely move forward on now, or whether we need to hold off until we've done a little more design work on the static catalog stuff.
* PUP-3678
  - **Action: PR-3318: Anderson Mills to assist**
* PUP-2916
  - **Action: PR-3227: PL Release Engineering to finish**
* PUP-3332
  - PR-3113: Josh Cooper reviewed, waiting for contributor response
* PUP-3341
  - **Action: PR-3321: Josh Cooper to review**
* PUP-3319
  - **Action:  PR-3107: (see also PUP-3905) Puppet Labs Client team to review impact, needs rebase**
* PUP-1253
  - PR-3141: Awaiting response from contributor
* PUP-3116
  - PR-3043: Awaiting response from contributor
* PUP-3902
  - Duplicate ticket superceded by PUP-3796. Kylo Ginsberg has PR-3522 out which is ready for merge
* PUP-3908
  - PR-3518 - Asked contributor to make a minor spec change, should be good thereafter
* PUP-914
  - **Action: PR-3350: Josh Cooper to review and merge to stable**
* PUP-3561
  - **Action: PR-3253: Rob Reynolds and Ethan Brown to review**
* PUP-3861
  - **Action: PR-3526: Puppet Labs Release Engineering team to review**
* PR-3510
  - **Action: Scott Garman to follow-up on and create a ticket for**

### Hiera
No outstanding PRs

### Facter
No outstanding PRs

## Closed this Week:

### Puppet

* PUP-3166
  - PR-3038: Needed a spec test, which Michael Smith created. Closed PR in favor of Michael's PR-3531
* PUP-1103
  - PR-3529: Needed spec test, which Michael Smith created. Merged
* PUP-3894 / PR-3500: Merged
* PUP-3168 / PR-3168: Merged
* PUP-3793 / PR-3441: closed, fixed in another project

## Actions

### PL Release Engineering
* Review
  - PUP-2916
  - PUP-3861

### PL Client Team
* Review
  - PUP-3319

### Scott Garman
* Review
  - PUP-3127
  - PR-3510

### Josh Cooper
* Review
  - PUP-3341
  - PUP-914

### Anderson Mills
* Review
  - PUP-3678

### Matthaus Owens
* Review
  - PUP-3094

### Rob Reynolds
* Review
  - PUP-3561

### Ethan Brown
* Review
  - PUP-3561
