# Puppet PR Triage Notes 2015-01-14.md

Recording: http://youtu.be/YUHU3F7xvnM

### Attending

* **Michael Smith (MikaelSmith)**
* **Preben Ingvaldsen (fpringvaldsen)**
* **Matthaus Owens (haus)**
* **Josh Cooper (joshcooper)**
* **Peter Huene (peterhuene)**
* **Felix Frank (ffrank)**
* **Kylo Ginsberg (kylog)**
* **Will Hopper (whopper)**
* **Anderson Mills (andersonmills)**

### Summary

During the previous week, we [closed 12 PRs](https://github.com/pulls?q=repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fpuppet+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Ffacter+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fhiera+is%3Apr+label%3ATriaged+closed%3A%222014-12-17+..+2015-01-14%22++-label%3APL), of which [8 were merged](https://github.com/pulls?q=repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fpuppet+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Ffacter+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fhiera+is%3Apr+label%3ATriaged+merged%3A%222014-12-17+..+2015-01-14%22+-label%3APL).

At the start of the triage:

* Puppet
  - [15 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%222014-12-17+..+2015-01-14%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 49 currently open, 22 from community
* Facter
  - [4 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%222014-12-17+..+2015-01-14%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 5 currently open, 4 from community
* Hiera
  - [1 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/hiera/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%222014-12-17+..+2015-01-14%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 3 currently open, 1 from community

View each individual pull request for detailed notes.

## New

The following tickets were triaged:

### Puppet
* PUP-3829
  - Provided feedback to contributor, added to discussion on appropriate pip exe for each platform.
* PUP-3082
  - Thumbs up from Anderson.
  - **Action: Anderson or Michael to merge.**
* PUP-3011, PUP-3012, PUP-3014
  - **Action: Anderson and Eric T working on streamlining these tests.**

### Facter
* FACT-775
  - Closed to target at Facter 3. Discussion will continue on puppet-dev.

## Held Over

### Puppet
* PUP-1072
  - **Action: Preben and server team to review.**
  - Discussed some feedback with Felix.
* PUP-3706
  - Waiting on contributor for fixes.
  - **Action: Michael to review and comment on approach.**
* PUP-3094:
  - **Action: Haus and RelEng to review.**
* PUP-3481:
  - **Action: Haus and RelEng to review.**
* PUP-3127
  - Pinged contributor.
  - **Action: Michael summarize feedback.**
* PUP-2916
  - Assigned to RelEng.
* PUP-1103
  - Pinged contributor.
* PUP-3341
  - Waiting on contributor.
* PUP-3168
  - Waiting on contributor.

## Closed

### Puppet
* doc (PR 3423)
  - Closed for new PR 3426.
* doc (PR 3426)
  - Merged by Kylo.
* PUP-3750
  - Closed and reviewed.
* PUP-3024
  - Closed and reviewed.
* PUP-3697, PUP-3698
  - Closed and reviewed.

## Actions

### Michael Smith
* Review
  - PUP-3706
  - PUP-3127

### Preben Ingvaldsen
* Review
  - PUP-1072

### Matthaus Owens
* Review
  - PUP-3094

