# Puppet PR Triage Notes 2015-01-21.md

Recording: Missed that the button press didn't register, so no recording this week.

### Attending

* **Michael Smith (MikaelSmith)**
* **Preben Ingvaldsen (fpringvaldsen)**
* **Josh Cooper (joshcooper)**
* **Kylo Ginsberg (kylog)**
* **Melissa (melissaanne)**
* **Anderson Mills (andersonmills)**

### Summary

During the previous week, we [closed 6 PRs](https://github.com/pulls?q=repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fpuppet+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Ffacter+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fhiera+is%3Apr+label%3ATriaged+closed%3A%222015-01-14+..+2015-01-21%22++-label%3APL), of which [2 were merged](https://github.com/pulls?q=repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fpuppet+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Ffacter+repo%3Apuppetlabs%2Fhiera+is%3Apr+label%3ATriaged+merged%3A%222015-01-14+..+2015-01-21%22+-label%3APL); 3 others were updated and then pushed.

At the start of the triage:

* Puppet
  - [18 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%222015-01-14+..+2015-01-21%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 34 currently open, 17 from community
* Facter
  - [0 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%222015-01-14+..+2015-01-21%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 3 currently open, 2 from community
* Hiera
  - [0 new](https://github.com/puppetlabs/hiera/pulls?q=is%3Apr+created%3A%222015-01-14+..+2015-01-21%22+-label%3APL) from community
  - 2 currently open, 0 from community

View each individual pull request for detailed notes.

## New

Tickets to triage:

### Puppet

The following tickets were triaged:

### Puppet
* PR #3500
  - **Action: Anderson to create ticket and merge.**
* PUP-3706
  - **Action: Michael to fix and merge.**
* PUP-3094:
  - Waiting on contributor.
* PUP-3127
  - **Action: Michael test, fixup and merge.**
* PUP-3166
  - Pinged contributor.
  - **Action: Michael & Melissa to fix and merge.**
* PUP-3168
  - **Action: Michael & Anderson to fixup and merge.**
* PUP-3678
  - Waiting on PMT team or contributor.
* PUP-1103
  - **Action: Michael to add spec and merge.**
* PUP-3332
  - **Action: Client team to review and comment.**
* PUP-3341
  - Waiting on contributor.
  - **Action: Josh to review further.**
* PUP-3319
  - **Action: Clean team to review impact of 2.1.5 retry.**
* PUP-3793
  - **Action: Michael to review.**
* PUP-1253
  - Pinged contributor.
* PUP-3116
  - Waiting on contributor.

## Held Over

### Puppet
* PUP-1072
  - Discussed some feedback with Felix. Waiting on update from Chris Price.
* PUP-2916
  - No change.

## Closed

### Puppet
* PUP-3082
  - Merged
* PUP-3481:
  - Merged
* PUP-3829
  - Merged
* PUP-3011, PUP-3012, PUP-3014
  - Being addressed by QA.

### Facter
* FACT-775
  - Closed to target at Facter 3. Discussion will continue on puppet-dev.

## Actions

### Michael Smith
* Review
  - PUP-3706
  - PUP-3127
  - PUP-3166
  - PUP-3011, PUP-3012, PUP-3014
  - PUP-1103
  - PUP-3793

### Michael Smith, Josh Cooper, Kylo Ginsberg
* Review
  - PUP-3332
  - PUP-3319

### Josh Cooper
* Review
  - PUP-3341

### Anderson Mills
* Review
  - PUP-3168
  - PR 3500 create ticket and merge

