BlueJeans Link (Open all the time except during Modules Community Triage): https://bluejeans.com/280736660

Attendees: rnelson0, mterzo, binford2k, hunner, bmjen, dhollinger, rodjek

# Planning

* Rubocop - needs to meet 1.8.7+. Mike started a spike but it was for 2.3+. We can support 1.9+ instead if it's targeted to the 3.0 branch.
* Set a regular cadence for puppet-lint triage and planning sessions - 3rd Thursday of every Even numbered month @ 1PM Pacific (send .ics file to puppet-dev?)
* 3.0.0 milestone deadline set to May 5th!

# Issues and PRs

* Good news, everybody! 416/424 were fixed! We should investigate if 446/506 were fixed by this as well.
* Top-scope resolutions in 636-638, should check 464/548/549/550/576 to see if they are resolved.
* 606 - rebase
* 235 - binford2k will touch up and submit a new PR
* 634 - The right side of a parameter arrow can be a value or a `lookup()` call. (rodjek)
* 633 - Style Guide 10.6 will need clarification. The current reading means all parameters with an `=` after them should be grouped together, even if the value they are assigned is "mandatory".
* 627 - Is it a problem because they're on the right side following the left side? Even if not doing an on-the-fly calculation (not recommended) this could potentially occur if two parameters are assigned the same value. Write a test to catch it, then figure out the correct fix.
* 626 - Would require a new check. Is this in the style guide? No - 9.3 is the closest but is Resource Attributes only.
* 625 - Bug with the checks. (binford2k)
* 622 - This functionality should already work, if it's not, it's a regression that's missing a test.
* 599 - Some recent fixes adjusted alignment issues. Check to see if this is resolved.
* 568 - Disable the check in the 3.0.0 branch.
* 586 - Continue if a single file is unparseable; currently stops on the first one (rnelson0)

* New plugins that are non-core ([example](https://github.com/rodjek/puppet-lint/pull/235)) - Continue with one plugin per repo, tracked in the `gh-pages` community plugins list. In the future, the Puppet SDK team can look at a more flexible solution.
